
I Am Rich

I Am Rich was an iOS mobile application developed by Armin Heinrich that was distributed through the App Store. The App contained only a glowing red ruby and an icon , when pressed on it , displayed the following mantra in large text:
1. I am rich
2. I deserv it
3. I am good
4. healthy & successful

I Am Rich was sold on the App Store for US$999.99.The highest price Apple allowed for App Store content.

Eight people bought the application, at least one of whom claimed to have done so accidentally. 

The application was removed from the App Store without explanation by Apple Inc. 


our plan 
1. setup a flutter dev enverments 
2. setup app icon for androied and iso. 
3. show a roby on a disply and makeit clickable and  show messages. 



#   What is Scaffol 
Scaffold is a class in flutter which provides many widgets or we can say APIs like Drawer, SnackBar, BottomNavigationBar, FloatingActionButton, AppBar, etc. Scaffold will expand or occupy the whole device screen. It will occupy the available space.

The Scaffold is a widget in Flutter used to implements the basic material design visual layout structure.

A Scaffold Widget provides a framework which implements the basic material design visual layout structure of the flutter app. It provides APIs for showing drawers, snack bars and bottom sheets. Have a look at its constructor and the properties it has. 


AppBar
The top app bar provides content and actions related to the current screen. It's used for branding, screen titles, navigation, and actions.

we can change its Properties

How ot change ths Appbar properties  ? 

wright the properties name and set a value. 
backgroundColor:  Colors.green,

As we know flutter is widget under the widget and so on ... 

So use the Scaffold body properties , need a widget. 

body: Text('This is bod.')

https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/material/AppBar-class.html

use assets like images , video, fonts etc. 

cretae a assets folders and put all files. Then inside the pubspec.yaml file register assets to use it on the apps. 

goto the pubspec.yaml slecte 
  assets:
    - images/a_dot_burr.jpeg
    click 
    ctrl + / 
then inside assets: give your assets path

Note it is very very improdent to folow the right indentation , other weys yaml file will not be work. 

yaml is a special type of text file which is use for configurings. Like as flutter project configur.





